Update GHCP AppMod docs: scenarios, platforms, and titles (#54664)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/github-copilot-app-modernization/scenarios-and-skills.md

| [**SqlClient upgrade**](#sqlclient-upgrade) | Upgrades System.Data.SqlClient to Microsoft.Data.SqlClient. | _"Update SqlClient to the modern package"_ |
| [**Azure Functions upgrade**](#azure-functions-upgrade) | Upgrades Azure Functions from in-process to isolated worker model. | _"Upgrade my Azure Functions"_ |
| [**Semantic Kernel to Agents**](#semantic-kernel-to-microsoft-agent-framework) | Upgrades from SK Agents to Microsoft Agent Framework. | _"Upgrade my SK agents"_ |

> | [**Aspire integration**](#aspire-integration) | Adds .NET Aspire support for inner-loop and Azure deployment. | _"Add Aspire to my app"_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Aspire integration**](#aspire-integration) | Adds [Aspire](https://aspire.dev) support for inner-loop and Azure deployment. | _"Add Aspire to my app"_ |
```

Upgrades from Semantic Kernel Agents (`ChatCompletionAgent`, `OpenAIAssistantAgent`) to [Microsoft Agent Framework](/agent-framework/overview/). Updates packages and API patterns.  

### Aspire integration

> Adds .NET Aspire support to existing applications for inner-loop development and Azure deployment. Configures the Aspire orchestration layer and integrates with the Aspire CLI agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds [Aspire](https://aspire.dev) support to existing applications for inner-loop development and Azure deployment. Configures the Aspire orchestration layer and integrates with the Aspire CLI agent.
```

### Aspire version upgrade

> Upgrades existing .NET Aspire applications to newer versions of Aspire. Handles package updates, configuration changes, and breaking API changes between Aspire versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrades existing Aspire applications to newer versions of Aspire. Handles package updates, configuration changes, and breaking API changes between Aspire versions.
```
